<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<title>Karnataka State Archive</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/style.css" />
</head>
<body class="maintext">
	<section class="level1 numbered" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="id-5">
		<h1 class="level1-title" epub:type="title">1920 Part 1 - Documents </h1>
		<section class="level2 unnumbered" id="id-5.1">
			<h2 class="level2-title" epub:type="title">Document No. (1)</h2>
		<section class="level3 unnumbered" id="id-5.1.1">
			<h3 class="level3-title" epub:type="title">Notification No. R. Dis. 58 of 20-21, dated 21st September 1920. (Published on Sept 30th, 1920, Part IV, pp. 1014-15) Memo </h3>
			<p>Out of the lapses of IV and V Backward, and A and B Grade Depressed Scholarships reported by the District Ad Hoc Scholarship Committees and out of the reserve scholarship of the said grades, the students noted in the enclosed statements are subject to satisfactory progress and conduct, awarded the scholarships of the respective grade to which they are eligible under the rules. these scholarships are tenable for one year from 1st May 1920 up to end of April 1921, in the institutions where the students are at present studying. the scholarship amounts shall be drawn on scholarship bill forms by the Head Master or Principal and disbursed to the students after obtaining their acknowledgements in the Salary Acquittance Roll of the School. In the case of the aided schools, the bills should be countersigned by the Chairman of the Taluk Scholarship Ad Hoc Committee concerned before they are presented at the treasury for payment.</p>
			<p>Since some of the districts have not given the names of the students, for whom the additional allotments are recommended, only the number of scholarships reallotted to the several communities in those districts is mentioned in the appended list. the District Ad Hoc Committees are requested to kindly arrange for awarding these scholarships immediately to the most deserving of the students belonging to the communities for which the reallotment is sanctioned.</p>
			<p>the Kolar District Committee is requested to submit the list of additional scholarships required for the district and the Bangalore District Committee is requested to submit the list of additional scholar ships of the Depressed Class A and B grades required for the district. </p>
			<p class="text-right">C. R. Reddy</p>
			<p class="text-right">Inspector-General of Education.</p>
		</section>
		</section>
	</section>
	
</body>
</html>
