<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
	<title>Karnataka State Archive</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/style.css" />
</head>
<body class="maintext">
	<section class="level1 numbered" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="id-4">
		<h1 class="level1-title" epub:type="title">1917 Part 1 - Documents</h1>
		<section class="level2 unnumbered" id="id-4.1">
			<h2 class="level2-title" epub:type="title">Document No. (1)</h2>
			<section class="level3 unnumbered" id="id-4.1.1">
				<h3 class="level3-title" epub:type="title">Chief Secretariat Backward and Depressed Classes Scholarships</h3>
				<p>READ-</p>
				<ol style="list-style-type:decimal">
					<li>
						<span style="font-size:11pt; font-weight:normal; color:#211E1E">Government Order no. 8940-90-Edn. 96-16-12, dated the 8th May 1917, passing orders instituting scholarships at a total cost of Rs. 1,00,000 for the encouragement of education among the Backward Classes. </span>
					</li>
					<li>
						<span style="font-size:11pt; font-weight:normal; color:#211E1E">Government Order No. E. 1875-82-Edn. 134-24-57, dated the 9th September 1922, reducing the tenure of all local scholarships to ten months in the year as a measure of retrenchment. </span>
					</li>
					<li>
						<span style="font-size:11pt; font-weight:normal; color:#211E1E">Government Order No. E. 5030-3-Edn. 142-21-41, dated 17th February 1923 revising the scheme of scholarships for the Backward Classes. </span>
					</li>
					<li>
						<span style="font-size:11pt; font-weight:normal; color:#211E1E">Government Order No. F1. 724-73-G. F. 181-23-2, dated 31st July 1923, sanctioning a provision of Rs. 17,000 in the current year's Education Budget for the restoration of the full amount originally sanctioned for Backward and Depressed Classes scholarships. </span>
					</li>
					<li>
						<span style="font-size:11pt; font-weight:normal; color:#211E1E">Letter No. C. 447 of 1923-24, dated the 15th September 1923, from the Inspector-General of Education in Mysore, submitting proposals for the utilization of the provision of Rs. 17,000 above referred to, (the supplemental grant sanctioned for Backward and Depressed classes scholarships). </span>
					</li>
					<li style="margin-bottom:0px">
						<span style="font-size:11pt; font-weight:normal; color:#211E1E">Letter no. 6497, dated the 19th December 1923, from the Registrar, Mysore University, stating that the University Council are of opinion that the amount to be made available to the University for Backward and Depressed Classes scholarships out of the allotment of Rs. 17,000 should be utilized for additional scholarships and requesting orders in the matter. </span>
					</li>
				</ol>
			</section>
		</section>
	</section>
</body>
</html>
