<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
		<style>
	.rolled table, tr, th, td{
	border: 1px solid black;
	}
	
	#table2 {
    border-collapse: collapse;
}
	</style>
<head>
	<title>Karnataka State Archive</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/style.css" />
</head>
<body class="maintext">
	<section class="level1 numbered" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter" id="id-6">
		<h1 class="level1-title" epub:type="title">1920 Part 2 - tables</h1>
		<section class="level2 unnumbered" id="id-6.1">
			<h2 class="level2-title" epub:type="title">TABLE 1 Showing details of Scholarship related documents for 1920</h2>
<table class="rolled" id="table2">
<tr>
<td>Sl. No.</td>
<td>Date/Volume</td>
<td>Place </td>
<td>Extent and purpose</td>
<td>Remarks</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>1.</td>
<td>details May 6, 1920,        Part IV, pp. 351-383. Also publi shed on May 13th, Part IV 409-441. </td>
<td></td>
<td>Office of the Inspector General of Education, Mysore </td>
<td>1. Records the constitution of Ad Hoc Scholarship Committees (District and Taluk) for the administration of Backward and Depressed Class Scholarships during 1920-21. <br />2. Committees appointed for two consecutive years. <br />3. Various appendices in this document list out the functions and responsibilities of the Committees; provide application formats for different classes of scholarships (for both Backward and Depressed Classes); name members of district and taluk committees; provide tables showing distribution of scholarships to various caste groups in addition to providing districtwise data. <br />4. tables in the appendices also show the number of awardees from various Backward and Depressed Class caste groups. <br />5. the significance of this document is that the researcher gets an opportunity to study comparatively the distribution of education scholarships among Backward and Depressed classes. <br />6. Depressed Classes listed include Holeya, Madiga, Vadda, Korama, Lambani, Hill tribes and Animists. </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>2.</td>
<td>September 9th, 1920,        Part IV, pp. 974-5 </td>
<td>Hassan </td>
<td>District and Taluk Ad Hoc Scholarships Committees </td>
<td>1. Lists Grade IV and V Backward Class Scholarships as well as Grade A Depressed Class Scholarship Awardees. <br />2. 18 students awarded Depressed Class Scholarship. <br />3. All the students study in Panchama schools in various Taluks. </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>3. </td>
<td>Sept. 30, 1920, Part IV, pp. 1015-17 </td>
<td>Bangalore </td>
<td>1.Lists awardees receiving reallotted scholarships from various districts sent to Chairmen of District Ad Hoc Committes. </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>4. </td>
<td>Sept. 30, 1920, Part       IV,pp. 101821 </td>
<td>Bangalore </td>
<td>District and Taluk Scholarship Ad Hoc Committee </td>
<td>1. Shows the names of students receiving IV and V grade as well as A and B grade Depressed Class Scholarships for the year 1920-21 for Bangalore District. <br />2. Number of Scholarship awardees includes 33 Depressed Class students and 114 Backward Students. </td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>5. </td>
<td>Sept. 30, 1920, Part IV, pp. 1023-25. </td>
<td>Shimoga </td>
<td>District and Taluk Scholarship Ad Hoc Committee </td>
<td>1. Shows the names of students receiving IV and V grade as well as A and B grade Depressed Class Scholarships for the year 1920-21 for Bangalore District. </td>
</tr>
</table>
		</section>
	</section>


	</body>
</html>
